Fixed issue #1410 (#1458)
tweepy/tweepy: docs/api.rst

Timeline methods
----------------

.. method:: API.home_timeline([count], [since_id], [max_id], [trim_user], \
                              [exclude_replies], [include_entities])

   Returns the 20 most recent statuses, including retweets, posted by the
   authenticating user and that user's friends. This is the equivalent of
   /timeline/home on the Web.

   :param count: |count|
   :param since_id: |since_id|
   :param max_id: |max_id|
   :param trim_user: |trim_user|

>    :param exclude_replies: A boolean which will prevent reply tweets from
>                            being included with the returned timeline. Note
>                            that the API will return a number of tweets equal
>                            to the count parameter before replies are filtered
>                            out. Defaults to True.

Reviewer: From my testing, this seems to default to False.
In any case, I think just using the description of the parameter as is from Twitter's documentation of the endpoint should suffice:
```suggestion
   :param exclude_replies: This parameter will prevent replies from appearing
                           in the returned timeline. Using ``exclude_replies``
                           with the ``count`` parameter will mean you will
                           receive up-to count Tweets — this is because the
                           ``count`` parameter retrieves that many Tweets
                           before filtering out retweets and replies.
```
